Warrior:
Absolute and lower rank Deep Thrust has Counter Attack, gets replaced by Severing Thrust magnus skill
Absolute and lower rank Chopping Kick has Counter Attack
Absolute and lower rank Charging Thrust has Speed Attack

Sorceress:
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Midnight Stinger has Speed Attack
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Rushing Crow hs Speed Attack
Absolute and lower ranks of Dark Flame has Speed Attack (But not Prime)
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Crow Flare has Counter Attack
Prime Violation has Counter Attack
Awakening Violation has Counter Attack
Awakening Blade of Darkness has Counter Attack

Ranger:
Absolute and lower rank Pinpoint has Counter Attack
Absolute and lower rank Dagger of Protection has Counter Attack

Berserker: 
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Fierce Strike has Counter Attack
Absolute and lower rank Tackling Rock has Counter attack (but not Prime)
Absolute and lower rank Headbutt has Counter Attack
Prime and lower rank Lava Piercer has Speed Attack

Tamer:
Absolute and lower rank Flash has counter attack
Absolute and lower rank Tree Climb has Counter attack

Musa:
Absolute and lower rank Blind Thrust has Counter Attack
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Blind Slash has Counter Attack
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Carver has Speed Attack
Absolute and lower rank Blunt Kick has Counter Attack (replaced by Magnus skill)

Maewah
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Blind Thrust has Counter Attack
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Blind Slash has Counter Attack
Absolute and lower rank Carver has Speed Attack (Prime does not)
Absolute and lower rank Blunt Kick has Counter Attack (replaced by Magnus skill)

Valkyrie:
Absolute and lower rank Charging Slash has Speed Attack
Absolute and lower rank Sharp Light has Counter Attack
Absolute and lower rank Righteous Charge has Speed Attack
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Just Counter has Counter Attack
Awakening Sancrum Ferit has Counter attack.
Awakening Hastiladium has Speed Attack.

Wizard:
Absolute and lower rank Dagger Stab has Counter Attack.

Witch:
Absolute and lower rank Dagger Stab has Counter Attack.

Ninja:
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Fatal Blow has Counter Attack.
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Heart Aiming has Counter Attack.

Kuno:
Prime, Absolute and lower rank Fatal Blow has Counter Attack.
Absolute and lower rank Heart Aiming has Counter Attack.
Kunai Stab has Counter Attack.

Dark Knight:
None.

Striker: 
None.

Mystic:
None.

Lahn:
Eyes of Blood Rabam has Counter Attack.

Archer:
Ravenous Talon has Counter Attack. 

Shai:
None.

Guardian:
None.

Hashashin:
None.

Nova:
None.

Sage:
None.

Corsair:
None.

Drakania:
None.

Woosa:
None.

Maegu:
None.